When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

  You have a backup and it allows for others to collaberate/share code

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  So that you do it at logical points; you wouldn't want someone else contributing
  to the project to automatically get pushed onto my workstation as soon as
  they update github

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    With a fork you are making a copy of someone else's repository into your
    repository; it's like clone but only done on github.  Clone allows you to
    make a complete copy of a repository onto your workstation, it could be
    a remote or a local repository.  A branch is where you name a local commit
    id by a label; allowing you to create a separate version of the code that
    you can later merge back in with the master (this is the happy path).

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    So you can see if your local repo and the remote one are currently in sync or
    not (if not then you made changes since you last communicated with remote).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You can use pull requests to post comments/changes to a repository and then
    the collaberators can review them.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    You can work in a separate branch so that all the work for a specific task
    is logically grouped together, when you are done you can merge with master, or
    if you need to revert master back to a prior level after you did it you can (maybe
    by creating a branch of master (call it GoldenCodeVersion1.0) and then merging
    your branch into master (for what will be GoldenCodeVersion 1.1).
